listen with the new Ralph's movie
breaking the internet and of course it
being Thanksgiving I figured how to give
a shout out to all those people who have
subscribed all the people who follow LME
diligently all the people who click on
every upload and interact with it just
to dislike every video like I appreciate
you see I know we got our LME supporters
out there who like every video before
they even watch it and shout-out to you
guys but there's that group there's that
group who has notifications on for us
kind of hates and I am so honored y'all
watch our videos faster than our own
patreon supporters do so from the bottom
of my heart I wanted to make sure that
this group was acknowledged today since
you always go out of your way to
acknowledge us and it's rough so
eloquently put in a sequel sometimes the
biggest part of the Internet is learning
how to take that hate and making
something useful out of it let me
explain so if you're not really gonna
hate me for something it's probably
gonna be because I think both Ralph's
movies are just okay they don't they
don't really make the holy grail of
animation for me but that doesn't mean
they don't have good family-friendly
themes if the first movie was about
Ralph breaking out of his external
bubble then the sequel is Ralph's having
an internal existential crisis as he
realizes he can lose people the spoiler
breakdown pretty much starts with
vanilla peas game-breaking causing Ralph
and her to enter the Internet in order
to retrieve her rare steering wheel from
eBay before she loses her home does the
movie play the Internet from the
perspective of I don't know your dad
yeah if you had one I mean there's just
always going to be a delay when it comes
to film productions right like it's the
same reason parody films died out
because by the time they write the jokes
in the script they get the cast they get
the budget they shoot they reshoot it
they edit it they distribute it by the
time we watch it most of those
references and jokes have already become
old news I mean even searching movie
that would be great to watch with the
entire family on this day knew that the
site's that they were covering would get
dated so they just relied heavily on the
father-daughter story
that's something that Ralph - gets down
because when they both go on their
journey
that's something vanellope discovers
that you would rather enter another
world that pushes her kinda like a kid
wanting to leave for college except you
know there's her dad who's used to the
same old routine and doesn't want it to
go except unlike your parent following
you to college
Ralph literally breaks the Internet why
I think is one of the best parts of the
movie is when Ralph looks at the
comments you know it's something that
I've broken down several times in the
past but to see the depiction of another
cartoon going through the struggle
it it hit in all seriousness I've always
said how 90% of negative comments
especially on LME is just repeating
what's already said in the video just
with an angry tone but besides getting
my own video quoted back to me I've also
broken down how many of you guys want to
make content should go about handling
all of these negative comments because a
big part in the sequel is Ralph forcing
himself to go viral so that he can
afford to buy the steering wheel for
vanellope
and not only is he hopping on every
trend possible to get views but he
realizes that even when you get a bunch
of hearts and everyone's liking your
video there's still people who are gonna
be out there hating it just because they
want to be heard right now we know most
people don't say those negative things
when they're actually face to face trust
me I've seen the flakes but it's that
idea of people wanting to send hate cuz
it makes them feel better giving someone
praises one thing right that would be
cool but being able to dismiss an entire
11 minute video because of one flub boy
does that make them feel superior
so sometimes actually making a minor
mistake in your video will attract more
comments and boost your interactions and
actually spitting facts with no problems
like the amount of you didn't explain a
single thing comments and why did you
spoil everything comments on the same
video it it perplexes me every time now
don't get me wrong
that doesn't mean you dismiss all
criticism that comes from the internet
right I've told you all about my secret
Easter egg mistake bait in each video
but there are also moments where I
completely flubbed I i legit don't know
how to say my elves and wolves but just
like I covered with the Netflix movie
cam if you really like something or
someone you're not gonna let a little
hate stop you what set out to me the
most in the Ralph's sequel is how the
Internet is what's separating him from
his best friend yet it's also the
technology that saves her yeah there's a
lot of people who troll or just have
negative things to say online but when
the Internet is useful damn is it useful
it's gotten to the point that Studios
can make changes before distributing the
film to theaters if there are any
problems like when the first T's are
dropped people notice that Tiana's
features when they've had the little
Disney moments had been rendered out a
little bit different than what she
looked like than the 2d version and
after the actual voice of tiana reached
out and told them how important it was
that they didn't shift the way she
looked but kept it authentic Disney put
in the money to make it right I think
that's pretty dope it kind of shows you
how Studios can foresee any problem
with their movies and fix it in time and
I don't want every studio to pull a
Chipotle and just react to everything
that happens on Twitter because that
would be pretty dumb butt teasers can
now be a testing ground
you know Netflix had that movie outlaw
king that they premiered at the Toronto
International Film Festival where people
paid 20 bucks for a ticket that would be
a test screening but they took the
reactions of the crowd knowing that it
was dragging too long and they were able
to re-edit it before its netflix release
so then it only dragged a little bit
it's crazy how useful and meta things
can get with it especially when you
consider how a movie breaking down the
internet ended up using the internet
before it broke them but have y'all seen
Widow's thank you guys for checking out
this video again a big Thanksgiving to
you and if you're not watching this on
Thanksgiving just you don't be thankful
for what everyday you have I want to
give a big shout out to the patrons a
lot of you may not know that we have a
patreon we use a sort of like a tipping
jar it kind of helps for whenever any of
the videos you don't like it do you
monetize or just literally plyo some
videos y'all have never seen because we
we edit them and they never go up at for
the patrons over there who have
supported the three channels that we
have here the A to Z show let me explain
and then the music let me explain hear
me out that's about to get boosted back
up
we appreciate it maybe this is the first
time some of you guys have heard about
it so I'll be plugging it maybe a bit
more towards the end of it but a big
THANK YOU to you guys it's been one
whole year NL of me I don't know if you
guys saw it on the community tab the
YouTube allows I think it may only be on
mobile but we celebrated one year on let
me explain and it's been it's been dope
it's been really cool being able to talk
movies with you guys and yeah I mean we
appreciate everything that you guys have
done so thank you other than that let me
know your thoughts down below on this
movie I think it's really interesting
that one of the reasons why they did
alter Tiana's character is because they
plan on using those princess 3d
animations for future stuff so I should
be pretty interesting but I'm curious to
know your thoughts down below in the
comment section don't forget to comment
like and subscribe because I appreciate
you